I went trhough the Git Lab Tutorials on 10/21/2025 and 10/22/2025
I made my GitHub account roughly around 2023

1. On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

Untracked files:
  (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)
        .vscode/

nothing added to commit but untracked files present (use "git add" to track)
PS C:\Users\lherr\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\assignment2> 


2. There have been 9 commits done to the repository according to the command: git rev-list --count -all

3. readme.md was last modified on Wed Oct 22 19:28:16 2025. I used the command git log-1 --README.md

4. Branches allow developers to develop features independently and allow for collaboration and parallel development. 

5. git log shows the commit history, git status shows the state of the local repository, the changes that haven't been commited yet. 

6. To see commits where vehicle.h was one of the commits, you would use the command git log -- vehicle.h

7. The command you would use to see commits whose commit message contains the word file would be git log --grep="file"

8. In the context of object oriented programming, inheritance is a concept where there are parent and child classes. Child classes "inheret" functionality from a parent class,
meaning they can use the same functions and have access to the same data types, if applicable. Polymorphism allows for different classes to respond to the same function call 
in different ways, streamlinining the way an interface can handle behavior. Encapsulation is the concept of insulating data types and methods inside a class, allow external access through
things like getters and setters.

9. The difference between the dictator and lieutenants workflow and the integration manager workflow is that the integration manager workflow is a flatter hierarchy, with a single central person being
responsible for reviews and merging with the main repository. In the dictator and lieutenants workflow, merges and commits are not handled by a central figure, but by a series of lieutenants.
After this is cleared, the final say goes to the dictator.

10. A team of 100 developers would benefit from the dictator and lieutenants workflow because it scales well in large team situations, dividing large quantities of merges, pushes, and pulls into
segments. The lieutenants each handle a subset of the developers and after their work is cleared it goes to the dictator. This helps bring order to the work being done, which under the
centralized workflow, would quickly become chaotic with merge conflicts as 100 different people are attempting to do different things at the same time without oversight. 